I think the most common misconception about my STEM field is computer
programming and computer research is frequently is seen as being one
hundred percent devoted to writing computer code or working on computer
machinery. But the fact of the matter is I don't know poll myself
and kept track of this the vast majority of your time over your career
is going to be reading and writing English. Not C++ or Fortran
or Java. So you better get good at writing English so what other misconceptions
is if I am a good Java writer to find a good C programmer
if I can knock off Fortran in my sleep I don't have to know English.
Wrong you're gonna have to know English for a number of reasons
that I can discuss later if you'd like. In the military one of the misconceptions
about the military is that everybody in the military gets
a rifle and ammunition and they go shoot at people even in the army
that's not true. In the army, only one quarter of the people go
to combat arms - infantry armor, paratroops and artillery are the the
for combat arms. If you're one of the one in four who gets into combat
arms chances are only one and two that you are having to do with
the weapon. You know it's if you go on to armour for instance you're
just as likely to be a fuel tone tray a fuel truck driver as you
are to be a tank drive. So the army has a lot less people running around
shooting people in the whole thing. You know we're already down
to an eighth to the people you know half of those people who see combat
that's sixteen and the people who see combat only have what we
get to fire their weapons for one reason or another so that's one third
it's only one thirty people in the army ever gonna fires weapons.
And then you'll talk to guide the infantry got sent to Afghanistan
so what about over their shot, but yeah but not everybody went to Afghanistan
with him a lot of guys go to Afghanistan. I've known tons
who never saw the enemy, they never got fireworks weapon anybody. So
that's a major misconception that military school people go around
killing people with a weapon. Nope.